SRS Document for ONLINE TICKET BOOKING SYSTEM



DEFINATION :

 The Online Ticket Booking System is a ticket bookinfg system that provides a single format of a ticket booking.
This platform will allow customer to to book airline tickets,Bus tickets,train tickets.
This application will provide clients with an option to book tickets online and to search online for confirmation.
 

SCOPE :

In Original World,to book or buy ticket in physical platform manner is much difficult and customer needs to go physically at that particular ticket centre to purchase a ticket ,Sometimes if that specific public transport is gets seat fully reserved then customer have no any idea about it .
So to avoid this type of situations and to make purchasing ticket easier,this ONLINE TICKETING BOOKING SYSTEM is introduced....!




FUNCTIONAL REQUIREMENTS :



AUTHENTICATION :

	Customer need to register on system using email 
Login : Customer can login with help of id and password
Logout : Customer can logout whenever he?she wants to logout from system for which a logout option will be prwesent in qa system.
Forget password : In case,user forgot there password then they can reset there password with help of email and otp which will be generated by system automatuically



CUSTOMER :

Registered Customer will be able to book a ticket of airlines,bus,train.
Registered Customer can cheak the availability.
Registered Customer will be able to search for specific public transport in which he/she wants to travel 
In case,if customer wants to cancel the ticket then he/she will be able to cancel the ticket (If that specific public transport platform have cancellation 	     policy).
Registered Customer can book as many ticket as much needed.
Registered Customer can get offer which be made available by them.

 
DISPLAY DATA :

Data will is displayed on system will be understandable to the customer and will be available in multiple languages which will be helpful for customer to read it ,
Data will be related only about booking system and that specific transport platform 



USER OPERATION:

  User can cheak the availabity ,can to do booking or can cancel the ticket in the system. 

 
MANAGEMENT TEAM : 

Management team can cheak every user individual account and will be able to cheak and can make changes.
They will be able to make any updates in system.
Management team will be able to  add or can also block if they not follows the system policy 

 
AIRLINE TICKET PLATFROM 

Airline will be able to show the availabity of flights as well as seats .
they can cancel the flight in an emergency or any mechanical condition but have to inform the reserviour with help of text message or email .
they can supply any other offers to customer.


BUS TICKET PLATFORM

Bus ticket platform will be able to show the availabity of bus as well as seats .
they can cancel the bus in an emergency or any mechanical condition but have to inform the reserviour with help of text message or email .
they can supply any other offers to customer.


TRAIN TICKET FLATFORM

Train ticket platform will be able to show the availabity of train as well as seats .
they can cancel the train in an emergency or any mechanical condition but have to inform the reserviour with help of text message or email .
they can supply any other offers to customer.






    